insults=(
    "Yo mama is so fat she has her own graitational attraction"
    "Yo mama so fat she broke the bathroom scales, then the bathroom floor"
    "Yo mama's so poor, the ducks throw bread at her"
    "Yo mama's cooking is so nasty, the house flies got together to fix the hole in the window screen."
    "Yo mama's so depressing, blues singers come to visit her when they've got writer's block."
    "Yo mama's so short, you can see her feet on her driver's license."
    "Yo mama is so old, she walked into an antique store, and they didn't let her leave."
    "Yo mama's so classless, she's a Marxist utopia."
    "Yo momma is so poor, she chases the garbage truck with a grocery list."
    "Yo mama’s so fat she wears two watches, one for each time zone!"
    "Yo mama’s so fat she went to the movies and sat next to everybody!"
    "Yo mama’s so fat she has to use a VCR as a beeper!"
    "Yo mama’s so fat she needs GPS to find the kitchen!"
    "Yo mama’s so fat that when she wears a yellow raincoat, people yell, “Taxi!”"
    "Yo mama’s so fat when she walked into the hardware store, they said, “Hey, can we help you with the door?”"
    "Yo mama’s so fat the mountain said, “There she is!”"
    "Yo mama’s so fat she can’t even jump to a conclusion!"
    "Yo mama’s so fat when she went to the beach, all the whales started singing, “We are family!”"
    "Yo mama’s so fat she had to be baptized at SeaWorld!"
    "Yo mama’s so fat when she took a bath, the water got stuck!"
    "Yo mama’s so fat the stairs collapse when she steps on them!"
    "Yo mama’s so fat she can’t even fit in a parking space!"
    "Yo mama’s so fat she has to buy two airline tickets!"
    "Yo mama’s so fat when she goes to the circus, she sits next to the elephant!"
    "Yo mama’s so fat she has to iron her clothes in the driveway!"
    "Yo mama’s so fat when she steps on the scale, it reads “To be continued.”"
    "Yo mama’s so fat she uses the ocean to take a bath!"
    "Yo mama’s so fat she puts on her lipstick with a paint roller!"
    "Yo mama’s so fat when she steps on a scale, it reads “one at a time, please!”"
)
randomInt=$((1 + $RANDOM % ${#insults[@]}))

echo ${insults[randomInt-1]}
